I'm outside of Chile's presidential
Palace right now where there's a pro
Palestinian demonstration taking place
there are several several hundred people
here as you can see and they are holding
a demonstration that has a very very
particular theme this time apart from
the from calling for chile to break
diplomatic ties with Israel they are
also they're also putting out shoes
small shoes tiny ones to
illustrate the children that have died
without their very many cases without
having had time to put their shoes on
I'm going to ask Rafa to to please take
a a closeup shot of these shoes that are
painted with red paint they are
symbolizing of course the blood of
thousands of children who have died in
Gaza there are about a thousand shoes
here but uh right now we can they are
continuing to demonstrate against the
Israeli government which they are
calling a genocidal government the point
of this demonstration is to open they
say the hearts the minds and the eyes of
people to what is happening in Gaza
especially to children and this is not
the only demonstration taking place by
the way at this hour uh in Brazilia
there is also a protest taking place in
front of the US Embassy but here in
Chile is a country that has the largest
Palestinian diaspora outside of the
Middle East people have been Gathering
constantly since the War Began and they
say they will continue to do so and to
speak out and call for an immediate
ceasefire in Gaza not just so that their
message is heard in Chile but they hope
all over the world or certainly Latin
America Lucia Newman Al jaaz Santiago